The Kolping Arena in Kloten: first reunion of Nati A for the start of the new season.
The Swiss stars of the NHL are too.
The program is bushy ...
... the tasks that await players out of the ordinary.
This is the day of shootings, intended to develop autograph cards, posters and other commercials.
I have to pronounce a sentence in Italian, for the app '...
but alas, I do not speak Italian so I have to practice a little more!
Look there, up ...
Concentrate...
Once again, it was great!
A day like this, pretty cool, right? Or is it just a duty, after all?
Both - sometimes it's a little boring, because we often have to wait a lot
But overall, it's pretty funny.
We must also try the new complete ...
At ease in there, hockey players?
It's so rare that we have to wear them, so these few times, it's OK. Besides, I like it pretty well.
But of course, it's in my hockey gear that I feel better ...
because we know that we will have to give our all, shortly.
This season, the Nati will also count several newcomers.
And these new recruits, what can they learn from more experienced players?
When we come here for the first time, everything is new: the frame,
being able to wear the Swiss cross for the first time,
so, we try to be inspired by their calmer attitude, acquired over the years ...
and that we have not yet, of course
These are the kinds of things you learn from them.
And what can a routinier convey to a "rookie"?
Fun first: a factor that should never be forgotten in sports.
It is a privilege, I think, to be able to make his sporting passion his job.
So yes, the pleasure must prevail and must work hard every day, but ... also take his foot!
And if a whistler could transmit something to his masters, it would be ...?
A little more freshness and relaxed spirit, yes, no doubt it would not hurt ...
Finally, you still have to take pictures of the whole team ...
Thank you for staying upright and not to change position too much, yes ...
also to possibly correct certain positions, afterwards, if necessary.
That's it - look all straight in the lens ...
Although no training session was on the program, today ...
... the players can finally go home: well-deserved relaxation!